[sighs]
[HAYAKAWA]
Why's the changing room
so far from the venue?
It's risky enough
to attend a cosplay event
in the same town where I work.
No, it's an off day,
there's a ton of foot traffic
and I'm nowhere near the office.
I should be safe.
Who would I run into here
anyway?
[AKINA]
Hayakawa, is that you?
Well,
this is a pleasant surprise,
don't you think?
So, what's up?
♪
[HAYAKAWA]
I'm Chinatsu Hayakawa.
I'm 22 years old.
I'm in my first year
at my first office job.
And my boss just found out
how much of a massive otaku
I am.
[whimpers]
Nice outfit.
Where you headed?
[whimpering]
You must be mistaken.
I am not this Hayakawa
at whose job you are a manager!
I never said I was her manager.
[HAYAKAWA] Why'd I run into him
of all people?
He's a textbook normie.
I probably look like
some sort of deviant to him
in this costume.
Huh? Well, what's this?
A cosplay event, huh?
So that's it.
Quick question.
Yes, what is it?
Is there a store
that sells outfits like those?
Actually,
I made this costume myself,
so it's impossible
to get at a store.
Ah.
[HAYAKAWA]
This is it.
The beginning of the end.
He's probably trying
to figure out
why a grown woman
would have such a weird hobby.
Interesting.
I guess that's why you're
so comfortable wearing it.
[HAYAKAWA] Here comes the word
every otaku knows and fears.
Something smite me
before I have to hear my boss
call me nerdy!
You know what?
♪
That's really cool.
[gasps]
Oh, you really think so?
I do. It's very impressive.
Huh?
Hm.
Hold on, back up a second.
Just what about any of this
is cool to you?
Your vibe, I guess.
What are you trying to say?
I don't have any hobbies,
so I have a lot of respect
for the people who do.
That's why I think
people like you are cool.
[gasps]
But then again,
I bet what you're going for
with that costume
is more cute than cool, right?
[HAYAKAWA]
Ah!
How's it possible
he can say something like that
with a straight face?
Hey, still with me?
Yes, I heard you
and thank you
for the compliments.
[claps]
But please, do not tell anyone
in the office about this.
What?
Why would you want
to keep it secret?
Please, I'm begging you!
But you're so amazing at it.
[HAYAKAWA] You wouldn't say that
if you knew more about cosplay.
But that's not the point.
I'd prefer if this could be
our little secret.
Pretty please
with a big cherry on top?
Huh?
You're so cute!
Can you stop using
the word cute now, please?
No can do!
It's how I really feel.
The first "cute"
was for how you look,
your costume and all that.
The second one was about you.
[gasps]
You're not supposed to answer
rhetorical questions!
For the sake of my sanity,
let's pretend
I didn't hear that!
[AKINA]
I don't understand.
You really are cute though.
[HAYAKAWA]
La-La-La! I didn't hear you!
I didn't hear anything!
Now can we please stop talking?
[HAYAKAWA]
I need to finish this soon
if I'm going to meet
the Comiket submission deadline.
But I can't focus
for the life of me.
I still can't wrap my head
around the fact
that my boss knows
I'm a cosplayer.
Surely he wouldn't blab,
but I can't relax knowing
that he knows what he knows.
[sighs]
If only his brain
had a delete button.
[AKINA]
Where am I? What's going on?
[sighs]
Why'd it have to be like this?
Work's going to be a nightmare
now.
My life sucks so much.
[SHINOZAKI]
Hey, Senpai!
Could you review my submission
please?
If you're not too busy.
Sure! I'm happy to help.
Let's see what you've got.
I can already tell
that you've done a good job
covering our bases,
so well done there!
[SHINOZAKI]
Really? Thank you so much.
[HAYAKAWA]
I didn't get any work done
on my comic draft.
I barely slept.
This really bites.
-[groans]
-[SHINOZAKI] Hayakawa?
-Earth to Hayakawa?
-Oh!
You doing okay?
'Cause you're looking
pretty burned out.
[HAYAKAWA]
What? No.
I'm totally fine, honest!
A lot happened yesterday.
I'm still recovering,
and I didn't sleep much.
But sleep deprivation
can really wreck your health.
Be sure
to take care of yourself, okay?
If you're having trouble
getting to sleep,
you can do what I do
and count kittens!
One cutie-wootie kitty,
two cutie-wootie kitties,
three cutie-wootie kitties--
I think you're supposed
to count sheep.
-Meow?
-I mean, cats are A-okay, too.
Thanks, Katase, but I'm fine.
I just need a quick nap.
-[AKINA] Say, Hayakawa.
-Uh?
You don't look so good.
You all right?
Where'd you come from?
Um... I mean, I'm good. Thanks.
Nothing to worry about.
Great.
If that's the case,
would you like to have dinner
with me tonight?
-Huh?
-[AKINA] I was hoping
-for a chance to talk.
-Huh?
[AKINA]
In a nice, quiet restaurant.
Huh?
[AKINA]
Just the two of us all night.
[HAYAKAWA] He wants to go
to dinner, just the two of us?
Like those things normies do?
[AKINA]
Cute. Cute. Cute. Cute.
That can't be what it is,
there's no way!
Um, I guess.
But we can't be out too late.
Sounds like a plan.
Come find me
when you've finished your work
-for today.
-[gasps]
Okay.
-Do you have a date?
-Hm.
No, it's just a work thing.
Is it though?
It's not a date!
[HAYAKAWA]
Right.
This isn't a date. Obviously.
My boss
just happened to ask me out
to have a normal, boring dinner.
That's all this is.
Nothing more.
[HAYAKAWA]
Sorry to make you wait.
[AKINA]
Hm?
[gasps]
[AKINA]
You okay?
Yeah. I, uh... I'm good.
[HAYAKAWA]
Thanks for the save.
No problem.
Be sure to watch your step.
[HAYAKAWA]
Yeah.
Speaking of missteps,
doesn't this kind of feels
like your interview?
When you broke your high heel.
[gasps]
I'm surprised you remember me
from that day at all.
Well, of course, I remember you.
♪
I imagine you wish that day
had gone better.
But you did ace your interview
regardless
and now
we get to work here together
and I'm glad for it.
[HAYAKAWA]
He remembered me.
Mm-hm.
[AKINA] All right,
let's get a move on, shall we?
Right. I'm coming.
By now I expect
you've gotten used
to working at the office,
but do you have
any issues or worries
you would like to discuss?
Nope. Everyone
has been really nice to me.
It's great.
[AKINA]
That is definitely good to hear.
You've also impressed
the section chief
with how much faster
you are now.
Oh, no.
I just learned
how to do the job is all.
[HAYAKAWA] We've only been
talking about work stuff
since we sat down.
Seems like this really
was just a business dinner.
Hey, by the way,
didn't you say you had something
that you wanted to discuss?
[gasps] Yes, that.
[AKINA]
Here we go.
I'll admit this is sudden,
but please know
I say this in earnest.
[sighs]
[HAYAKAWA]
Huh?
[AKINA]
Hayakawa,
that day I ran into you,
it made me happy and excited.
[HAYAKAWA]
[gasps]
[AKINA]
I'd never felt that way
about a person before.
I'm sorry to spring this on you,
but I can't hold back.
[HAYAKAWA]
Hold up.
Is this not a business dinner?
Are you ready?
Yes. Go on.
♪
May I accompany you
to your next cosplay event?
[gasps]
[HAYAKAWA]
What?
I still can't get over
you making your own costume.
I get butterflies just thinking
about how much fun
it must have been.
That's why you asked me out
to dinner?
So, um, are you saying
that you want
to get into cosplay too?
[AKINA]
Nope!
But I did look into it
after I got home
and I found out
about cosplay photo sessions.
Then I got this.
♪
I'd love the chance
to capture your exploits!
[HAYAKAWA]
That's a scary mix
of money
and low impulse control.
But you don't need me
if you just want
to photograph cosplayers.
There're plenty of them
out there.
[AKINA]
While that is true,
it was you who made me realize
how fun it could be.
Huh?
So, yeah. You're the one I want.
[gasps]
[HAYAKAWA]
It is so unfair
that he can say stuff like that
with a straight face.
[Hayakawa inhales]
[HAYAKAWA]
Fine, I guess.
Ah?
There's an event coming up soon.
It's at the same place
where we bumped into each other.
-[slams]
-But before any of that,
you have to watch
every single show
my costumes come from.
Otherwise, I refuse
to let you take pictures!
Uh... Adorable.
Stop it!
Nothing that I just said
was cute!
[AKINA]
I disagree.
The genuine passion I saw
when you talked about anime
-was very cute.
-[HAYAKAWA] That's enough!
Stop talking!
[AKINA] I'm not sure
what the big deal is.
[HAYAKAWA]
Stop talking! Stop talking!
I'm begging you,
don't say another word!
-Hm...
-[keyboard clicking]
Hey, Shinozaki.
Want to grab lunch?
Sure. We can go
as soon as I finish this up.
Okay, sounds good.
Did you need to talk?
Yeah, kind of.
Hm?
Let me close this out
and I'll be right there.
I'll be waiting
in the lobby then.
Have you ever noticed
how close those two are?
They're definitely more
than just coworkers.
That's
'cause they're old friends
and they were neighbors
for years.
Oh, right. I'd heard about that.
Huh?
Oh my, is somebody getting
emotionally invested here?
[AKINA] You're reading too much
into things.
Or you're always picking on me
and you're long overdue
for some payback!
Hayakawa did say
they were just friends.
Perhaps the lady
doth protests too much?
Uh?
[AKINA] The Slow Burn,
Mutual Pining,
Childhood Friends to Lovers!
-[giggles]
-[whimpers]
[AKINA] Or Coworkers to Lovers
with a Happy Ending?
Which do I choose?
They're both back on the table!
There's not
a "to Lovers" anything
between Shinozaki and me,
I promise you!
Plus,
you're forgetting something!
There's a third option
that I think
you'd appreciate even more.
A third option, did you say?
Trust me. All that you need
is a woman's touch.
Will you be gentle with me?
[AKINA]
This is canon.
That's not
what I was getting at!
You brought it up though,
which makes me wonder why
you don't seem too interested
in what's going on
between the two of them.
Is there something
I'm not seeing?
Ah! No.
They're friends so they can be
as friendly as they want
and that's perfectly fine.
Plus, why should I give
a single hoot
about something
that has nothing to do with me?
Perhaps you can answer
that question!
Stop it!
You can't just answer a question
with another question!
Come on, we need to figure out
where we're going to eat
before the lunch rush
decides for us!
-But why, Katase?
-Let it go, please!
[SHINOZAKI] Huh? How'd
he find out you're an otaku?
I got too careless.
[SHINOZAKI]
Well, that's vague.
Did he catch you
drawing manga stuff?
You could say
he caught me doing something.
[HAYAKAWA] Shinozaki may know
I'm a mega nerd,
but he still doesn't know
about the cosplay.
In any case,
I'm not sure how him knowing
would be a problem for you.
Well, yeah.
I guess it's not that serious
of an issue.
It's more of a personal thing.
So cute. You're cute. So cute.
Mm...
So why does it bother you then?
[HAYAKAWA]
Eh, it's fine.
At least he didn't catch me
working on my BL doujinshi.
What are you talking about?
Where'd you come from?
[HAYAKAWA] Please tell me
he didn't hear any of that!
[SHINOZAKI] Are you and Senpai
here for lunch too?
Why so curious, huh?
It's not that.
If anything I'm concerned
about that grin on your face.
Since everyone's here,
would you guys mind
if we all ate lunch together?
-Sure, that's fine.
- Hurray!
That means I get to sit next
to my favorite Hayakawa-san.
[AKINA]
[sighs] Be strong.
What the heck
is going on with you today?
Time to see what looks good.
[AKINA]
Oh, hey, Hayakawa?
Huh?
[AKINA]
What's BL?
Uh...
It's, um, kind of a genre
about kinds of people.
[SHIORI] Huh?
Are you feeling okay, Hayakawa?
You're as red as a cherry.
[HAYAKAWA] [chuckles]
Oh, it's just allergies.
♪
[AKINA] Is it okay
if I use this picture
for my home screen?
[HAYAKAWA]
Absolutely not!
♪
[SHIORI] Thanks for coming back
for more My Tiny Senpai.
Hm...
-[SHIORI] Trick or Treat!
-Huh?
♪
[yelps]
Happy Halloween!
So are you excited?
I know I am!
I can see that.
[Shiori giggles]
What do you think
about my costume?
Isn't it cute?
[SHINOZAKI]
Yeah.
Sorry, I'm still recovering
from that scare
you gave me a second ago.
'Tis the season, after all.
Now which would you prefer,
a trick or a treat?
[gasps] Are you sure Senpai?
I don't have any candy with me.
Hey, no worries!
I'm happy to share.
Now, have at it!
Uh, that's kind of you. Uh...
[chuckles]
Oh...
[giggles]
Uh...
Right.
I'd like a treat. Thank you.
[SHIORI]
Hurray! Now you can have some.
[chuckles]
[HAYAKAWA]
What's got your face
doing that thing it does
and with cat ears on.
Meow?
[AKINA] I'm just thinking
about how saccharine
this year's Halloween will be!
Huh?
[AKINA] Speaking of which,
you're underdressed.
-[HAYAKAWA] Oh!
-Happy Halloween to you!
-[whimpers]
-[AKINA] Yep.
I knew your cat-like nature
would match those ears.
And now we match too!
[HAYAKAWA]
I don't think cat ears
are work-appropriate attire!
Meow...
[SHIORI] [sighs] Happiness
is a big bowl of candy!
Halloween is the best, huh?
It is pretty great.
[gasps] But we must be careful
not to overindulge on sweets.
Right! Having too much sugar
is bad for you!
Then again, what else
do people do on Halloween?
Can't argue with that.
To be fair,
it's the same for Christmas,
Valentine's Day, birthdays,
and Hinamatsuri too.
I know, right?
[SHINOZAKI]
That's a lot of exceptions!
Have you tried
one of these yet, Senpai?
Huh?
I haven't had the chance yet.
They've got this warm taste
to them
that's pretty good.
Well, now you've got me curious.
Huh?
Aah.
[SHINOZAKI]
[gasps]
Um, what's going on?
Is she waiting for me
to feed her the chocolate?
I mean
that's what it looks like.
But then my finger might
accidentally touch her mouth!
That's way too intimate
for an office setting!
Aah.
[SHINOZAKI]
Ah...
She is asking politely.
Aah.
-[grunts]
-[heart beating loudly]
[SHINOZAKI] Ah...
-Yoink.
-Ah!
Your time's up,
better luck next time.
[chomps]
Ah...
Yummy!
Ah!
[SHINOZAKI] I am the dumbest man
to ever walk the Earth.
[SHIORI]
Shinozaki?
Uh?
Um, don't freak out,
but is that candy supposed
to make you feel kind of toasty?
Huh?
Hey there, Shinozaki.
Is there any candy left over
for us?
Hello, Hayakawa.
I missed you oodles and boodles.
-[smooches]
-Uh...
[Shinozaki, Akina gasp]
[SHIORI]
Kissy, kissy, kissy.
What is going on here?
I don't know.
She just had
a piece of chocolate.
Chocolate?
Oh, yeah,
those have alcohol in them.
She must be a real lightweight
to get drunk off of just one.
Huh.
Would you two please
quit gawking
and come help me?
Drunk Katase's a kissing fiend!
I did not see that twist coming.
Me neither.
[SHINOZAKI]
I wonder what it'd be like
on the other end of that.
[SHIORI]
Pucker up, big boy.
Don't look at me like that.
I was having pure,
wholesome thoughts, I promise!
Hm...
You could at least say
something back!
-Uh...
-Wait, what?
Is that who I think it is?
It's Mister Manager!
-Huh?
-Ah!
So, hey. I have a confession.
And you're the only person
I can confess it to.
[SHINOZAKI]
Uh...
Senpai, our manager doesn't
photosynthesize, remember?
He's right behind you, see?
Sneaky boy!
Hello there, Katase. What's up?
Mister Manager-Man Manager!
Okay, it's a big confession
and just got to say it to you
and no one else
'cause it's for you.
Ah! Is this going
where I think it's going?
Is Senpai going to lock lips
with our Manager?
Oh, man, I can't bear to watch!
[Shiori gasps]
[SHIORI]
Mister Manager.
Wait, hold on!
Senpai,
you're not in your right mind!
♪
-Huh?
I'm incredibly grateful
for how you're always working
really hard on our behalf
and that you take the time
to help us
with our work too, sir!
[SHINOZAKI]
Now she's thanking him?
I get it.
It's not that Drunk Katase
is a kissing fiend.
Her inhibitions
about her feelings toward people
-are gone.
-Oh God, who's upstairs
in the clouds,
please bless Mister Manager.
Yeah, I guess that makes sense.
[SHINOZAKI] That's a relief
and a disappointment.
Hey, would you look at that,
Katase?
Your sweet kohai
is right over there.
-Ah? That kohai?
-Huh?
[SHIORI]
There's my wraskly little kohai.
[SHINOZAKI]
If her inhibitions are gone,
does that mean she's going
to tell me how she feels?
I'm not emotionally prepared!
Um, are you all right there,
Senpai?
Ah...
Hm?
Huh?
[crying]
[SHINOZAKI]
What?
[crying]
[SHINOZAKI]
Tears?
Please don't cry, Senpai.
I'm so sorry for always
causing you trouble at work!
[SHIORI]
It's not that.
You had no idea
what you were doing
when you started here
and I've gotten to watch you
grow so much since then.
I'm so proud.
You're the best kohai!
[SHINOZAKI]
She sounds like my mom.
-[SHIORI] Remember,
-[gasps]
if you need anything,
you can come to me.
I'll always help you
any way I can.
Sure. I'll keep that in mind.
I think it's about time
you had some water.
You sit here
and I'll go get some.
-[AKINA] Very nice.
-[SHIORI] Okie-dokie!
[thuds]
[SHINOZAKI] So that's
how she feels about me.
You had no idea
what you were doing
when you started here.
[sighs]
[SHINOZAKI]
That's a little disappointing
but also heartening.
[mumbling]
[AKINA]
I'm curious, Katase.
Huh?
What do you think of your kohai?
I mean personally,
not as a coworker.
I won't tell.
Huh?
Here's that water for you,
Senpai.
It's actually
super embarrassing.
Huh?
I'm not sure
how I feel about him.
Sorry, my heart's all jumbled up
about it.
-Huh?
-[whimpers]
[sighs]
I thought
I had her cornered that time.
How about you corner
those pictures you took
and delete them?
[AKINA]
Hm? Which ones do you mean?
[HAYAKAWA] You know,
the ones with me and Katase.
-[AKINA] Oh, these?
-[Hayakawa screams]
[HAYAKAWA] Don't show them,
get rid of them!
[AKINA]
Can I make it my home screen?
[HAYAKAWA]
Absolutely not!